helpers/application_helper.rb: ActiveRecordBase.human_attribute_namefield
views/content_partner_account/attribution.html.haml: on_how_attribution_will_be_sho
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: via_the_eol_regarding_its_cont
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: allow_eol_to_provide_names_fro
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: website___gni_collects_names_a
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: in_handling_the_content_provid
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: provide_tools_and_methods_to_e
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_data_objects_along_with_sim
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: attribute_all_of
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_data_objects_according_to_i
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: present_or_pass_along
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_data_objects_to_others_usin
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: not_encourage_or_answer_reques
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_content_to_other_data_provi
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: notify
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: of_any_comments_or_feedback_re
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: to_improve_the_quality_of_the_
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: notify
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: of_statistics_about_the_usage_
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: enable
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: to_access_content_from_the_eol
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_own_server_or_site_accordin
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: eol_will_show
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: _s_logo_and_project_descriptio
views/content_partner_account/roles.html.haml: and_reserves_the_right_to_reda
views/content_partner_account/dashboard.html.haml: agreed_to_by
views/content_partner_account/dashboard.html.haml: on
views/content_partner_account/licensing.html.haml: content_providers_are_required
views/content_partner_account/licensing.html.haml: license_for_the_information_th
views/content_partner_account/licensing.html.haml: content_providers_who_request_
views/content_partner_account/licensing.html.haml: website
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: __this_xml_file_will_be_create
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: in_addition_to_the_eol_transfe
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: darwin_core__dwc__archive_file
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: __darwin_core_is_a_set_of_stan
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: more_information_here
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: darwin_core_terms_list
views/content_partner_account/transfer_overview.html.haml: for_more_a_complete_reference_
views/curator_account/profile.html.haml: you_are_currently_a_curator_of
views/curator_account/profile.html.haml: you_have_requested_curation_of